>> Brian Holt: So
that's enough on class component,
we shall never speak of it again.
Let's go actually use it though.
>> Brian Holt: Let's go
to past order route.
We're gonna import our
error boundary at the top,
import error boundary from error boundary.
One interesting thing about error
boundaries, because of the way that
the the errors work that you can't
put the error boundary here.
So I can't just say error boundary here,
why?
Because if this component has an error,
the whole component blows up, right?
So I need to put it in a function
component above it, right?
So that I can catch things inside of it,
does that make sense?
It's like you have to put things inside
of the try for the catch to work,
that's essentially what I'm saying.
So let me show you what I mean, and
then you can give me those
perplexed glances again.
So, let's just do it above, I think I have
it above, so it's a little bit more clear.
So, I'm gonna write another function here
called error
BoundaryWrappedPastOrderRoutes,
and you're just gonna say return.
Error boundary, and
then inside of that past order route, and
then error boundary is gonna be
the thing that we actually export.
>> Brian Holt: So the error boundary
can only catch things that are being
rendered inside of it.
And so if it's on the same level of this,
so if it was actually inside of past order,
it won't get the opportunity to catch
the error, so it has to be outside of it.
>> Brian Holt: Which is why we
have two components here and
then we are actually shipping
the error boundary one.
>> Brian Holt: Now,
some of you might say, but Brian,
what if there's being
props passed into this?
In this case, we're not passing any props
into it, but what if we were, right?
So, all you'd have to do here is
we've taken props here at this level,
and then there's this something here
called the Spread Operator that works.
And we're gonna say whatever props we
got here, just pass them on through.
Now, why didn't I teach you this earlier?
You're probably thinking,
that Spread Operator looks pretty cool.
Why don't we, use that a lot of places?
And I intentionally do that,
because I don't want you to
use it that frequently, right?
It is nice that it's just saying, here's a
grab bag of things kinda spread them out.
So imagine this props, for example,
was something I don't even comment this,
it could be like stuff, cool,
other stuff,
>> Brian Holt: Not cool, right?
And you could come in here and
actually just do stuff = props.stuff and
otherStuff = props.otherstuff, right?
And you could go be more explicit about
that, that's totally fine as well.
But it looks nicer to do
just the spread operator,
this makes it so opaque to read, though.
So, for things that you're actually
passing stuff into explicitly,
I want to see this because it makes me
know this is the API that I'm gonna
adhering to, where the data from is
coming from and where it's going.
Again, the explicitness of react
is one of its superpowers,
and so by hiding it behind dot, dot,
dot props like this,
you make it pretty opaque,
of what is coming from where and
where is it going?
The only reason in this particular case,
that I am okay with the spread
operator is that this particular
component is meant to be a pass through.
It's actually not meant to know
about what's coming into it and
where it's going, right?
It's literally just meant to be going
from like connecting two pipe together,
and so this actually makes
this less clear, right?
And this is a clear communication
to the future developer,
they're reading this,
which is likely yourself, right?
That this isn't supposed to know
what is coming through it, right?
It's just supposed to be the pass through.
>> Speaker 2: Do you know why there
are boundaries were left out of the new
react or why they were still
require the classical component?
>> Brian Holt: It's a good question,
my reading on the situation which is Brian
reading between the lines is they didn't
really have a elegant way to handle it,
that was better than doing it
in the class component way.
Because it doesn't have a get
derived state from pro,
it doesn't have all the things
that a class will have.
And so because of that,
they decided, well,
we're gonna leave in class components.
They didn't have any intent to
deprecate class components anyway,
so they left it that, because,
yeah, they would have made
the library worse by trying to
force it into this other pattern.
And because they published that,
react error boundary component,
everyone can just use that.
>> Speaker 2: And can I just put
an error boundary in my root?
>> Brian Holt: Sure you can.
>> Speaker 2: Route and just people do
it on error boundary, handle everything?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I would put it here,
probably at root, yeah,
I would put it here, and you could
just do error boundary, right there,
catch everything,
if that was appropriate for you?
Yeah, hell yeah, absolutely.
So let's actually,
make it work because of our try it,
>> Brian Holt: There you go OMG LOL WTF,
is that is that our error boundary?
>> Brian Holt: There you go.
So, there was an error with this page,
click here to go back to the home page,
right?
So what you saw before
my page had reloaded,
was Vite catching my error boundary.
This actually makes sense, right?
This actually is a nice error page,
there was an error.
Click here to go back to the homepage and
you caught everything.
And now it's caught in the flow of the app
and everything looks like it works, okay?
Yeah, one of the advantages of putting
this around the app is I think it
would catch 404s,
which would be nice, right?